The grandson just said casually
Grandpa, don't take it seriously
grandson
I will definitely make him regret dating me and step back
All right.
But now I'm going to move on.
For example, the King of Qin is a hand-appointed auxiliary minister
Then Wu Cheng designed to plot against you
What do you want to do?
Of course revenge
Without the head of King Rongqin
Then Zhou Wu definitely wouldn't dare to involve his grandson like this
Behind the courtiers of Tan and Sun'er in the dynasty
There must be a shadow of King Rongqin
Ultimately
He just doesn't want us to take full control of the country's kung fu
If the grandson doesn't get a son-in-law strategy
This thing
It will become a knife that Prince Rong bestowed on his grandfather
OK
How do you want to do it?
Then do it boldly
Remember that Dingguo Kung Fu is your strong backing
As for the scale
The old man will not say much
You control it.
This Chang'an
After all, it will be the world of your young people in the future
In fact, the grandson already has a plan
It just takes time to lay out
Wait for actual maturity
Even if King Rongqing is the first of his predecessors
Hold a singular fist
The grandson also has a way to make him cut all over the house
Then do it boldly
This boy should look like a boy
When it's time to show up, show up
Grandpa is still waiting to see what you do
Yes
Go ahead.
No.
The old man is still waiting to see your means
If you can make up ice and snow blades
Kill Prince Ru
I Dingguo Kung Fu will make you prosperous in Daxing for a hundred years
The old man froze to death
Hahaha
You can also smile at Jiuquan
The eldest son's bed has been made for you
You can rest now.
Jade Dragon
What about the tea I brought back from Linjiang City?
Not long after you were called to the backyard by the old Duke
The tea box was taken away by grandpa
Father
Ah, you are a little filial
I know. Bring me some specialties from Linjiang City
Although the tea is not expensive
But heavy
You have a heart, hahaha.